Add support for JDK 9 (#26)
arquillian/arquillian-extension-byteman: README.md

Notes
------

When using `autoInstallAgent` with application server such as WildFly, a number of JDK version-dependent parameters need to be passed to the JVM:

For JDK 8 and below: the `com.sun.tools.attach` and `org.jboss.byteman` packages have to be exposed as system packages and `tools.jar` added to the bootstrap classpath.

```xml
<property name="javaVmArguments">-Djboss.modules.system.pkgs=com.sun.tools.attach,org.jboss.byteman -Xbootclasspath/a:${path.tools_jar}</property>
```

> For JDK 9 and above: the `org.jboss.byteman` package has to be exposed as a system package and `-Djdk.attach.allowAttachSelf=true` passed as a system property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For JDK 9 and above: the `com.sun.tools.attach` and `org.jboss.byteman` packages have to be exposed as a system packages and `-Djdk.attach.allowAttachSelf=true` passed as a system property.
```
